String identifiers preference (#1086)
open-contracting/standard: docs/history/changelog.md

* Make changes to how the documentation is built [#880](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/880) [#886](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/886) [#889](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/889) [#905](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/905) [#915](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/915) [#916](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/916) [#923](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/923) [#935](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/935) [#944](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/944) [#945](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/945) [#946](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/946) [#953](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/953) [#962](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/962) [#964](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/964) [#1002](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1002) [#1003](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1003).

## [1.2] - YYYY-MM-DD

### Schema

> * [#1086](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1086) Recommend the use of string over integer for identifiers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#1086](https://github.com/open-contracting/standard/pull/1086) Recommend the use of strings rather than integers for identifiers.
```
